## Moving to NAF version 4

This document contains proposals to be discussed to update NAF version 3 to version 4.

### part of speech
The current part of speech tagset is:
* N common noun
* R proper noun
* G adjective
* V verb
* P preposition
* A adverb
* C conjunction
* D determiner
* O other

A proposal is to move to [Universal Dependencies](https://universaldependencies.org/) since it is
more widely accepted and hopefully would limit mapping to this tagset.

### Representation discourse units
There is a desire to be able to represent **headers**, **paragraphs**, etc.
One proposal is to represent ranges of term ids that represent a particular discourse unit, e.g.,
{t1, t2, t3, t4} represent the title.

### Multiple layers of the same layer
Let's assume that we perform entity detection using spaCy and we obtain entity links from the hyperlinks in Wikipedia pages.
Is it possible in version 3 to represent both layers?

### Hidden characters
Text can contains hidden characters such as newlines, tabs, etc.
It is possible to use ![CDATA[TOKEN]] surrounding the token but other modules might break when we allow hidden characters.
Is there a good convention how to deal with hidden characters?

### Compound terms
Section 8.4 of the [NAF specifications version 3](https://github.com/newsreader/NAF/blob/master/naf.pdf)
describe how to represent compound terms. 
* In the example, would *w7* and *w8* refer to components of a compound?
* How to deal with [tussen-s](https://nl.wiktionary.org/wiki/tussen-s) or other vowels or consonants used to bind the components?

### Spans
For an entity, the span is represented as:
```xml 
<references>
    <span>
        <target id="t8"/>
    </span>
</references>```

In terms, the span is represented as:
```xml
<span>
    <target id="w1"/>
</span>
```

Would it be possible to align the representations, i.e., no *references* element for an entity.